fix vms refresh (#71)
DreamLab/VmShepherd: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.5.0 (2019-08-23)
------------------

> * feature: return cached vms list for rpc and panel

Reviewer: be more verbose, it's not a ordinary cache - the data is still the latest possible across cycles/instances

Author: Fixed.

Changelog
=========

1.5.0 (2019-08-23)
------------------

> * feature: list vms is keeping in runtime driver (latest possible)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* feature: the vms list is kept in runtime driver (latest possible)
```

Author: fixed.

>            ans is refreshed by worker on every cycle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
           and is refreshed by the worker on every cycle
```

Author: fixed.
